Our opponents chose to receive.
We'll be serving first.
All right.
It's finally time for the qualifiers.
Everyone looks more nervous than usual.
The third-years look especially nervous.
Those are so awesome!
Your new glasses look so cool, Tsukishima!
You've been saying that almost every day lately, Hinata.
You saying they're cool messes with my self-confidence, so please stop.
What'd you say?!
Ta-da! Here you go.
They're sports glasses.
I made sure to find some cool-looking ones.
If you wear those,
even blocking with your face won't be scary!
No, it'll still be scary.
I don't care if it's Ushiwaka or Benkei. Go stop 'em all.
What's up with the first-years looking more reliable than us?
Us third-years don't have time to be intimidated!
All right!
Matches are super fun, aren't they?
Fly
Simple and Strong
Let's have a good match!
Leap and fly! High!
Flecked with blood, sweat, and tears
Those glistening wings can let you leave it all behind
So just fly
H
a
i
S
e
k
y
c
u
o
n
u
d
!
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
Fly high
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Into the distant future
H
a
i
k
y
u
H
a
i
k
y
u
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
!
The bruise-covered fledgling glares up at the sky
As the ones who've just found their wings laugh derisively
They just want to see the ends of the ocean
Empty your mind
Let the headwinds guide your approach
And with a hop, step, and a jump
Leap and fly! High!
Let your wings, glistening with blood, sweat, and tears
Take you to wherever you need to go
Unleash your unrefined impulses
Uncover your instincts and bare your uncut fangs
It may take an arduous path
But be torn down it endlessly to achieve your dream
So just fly
Fly high
Into the distant future
Episode Fifteen:
Playground
Simple and Strong
Jouzenji! Jouzenji! Jouzenji!
We're finally at the qualifiers.
Our first opponent was a semifinalist at the interhigh prelims.
We've got our work cut out for us.
You'd better go all-out on that first serve, Azumane!
Karasuno, fight!
Yeah!
Give us a good serve, Asahi!
Get a nice, solid receive!
Man, that's intense!
Nice save!
You got the last hit, Terushima!
We can score here!
Yahoo!
Nice hit!
A strong hit from the baseline?
On top of that, it was right after a quick spin.
Normally, you'd return it with an underhand hit.
Karasuno                        Jouzenji
Give us a good one!
I got it!
Left!
Simple and Strong
Heave ho!
You know, it's like we're up against a
really athletic baseball team during P.E.
Yeah. Their plays aren't exactly cookie-cutter,
so we can't seem to read what they're gonna do.
And the problem is none of that is happening by accident.
Unpredictability is the name of the game for Jouzenji.
Give us another good one!
Come on, now!
Sorry!
Shake it off!
Pick up the ball and give it to the other team!
Jeez... They get out of hand so quickly.
You're the only third-year left.
You must have your hands full trying to deal with them.
Give us a good one, Tsukishima!
A fast attack!
This shouldn't be a surprise,
but I guess they can attack normally too.
Karasuno
It went over the net! So lucky!
Damn it!
Wow, nice reflexes!
But can they continue the rally?
Nice save, Hinata!
Whoa, he's flying!
Look out!
I-It's Spider-Man!
In the back!
Whoa, they got it back over the net!
We also have some guys on our team
who are highly athletic and unpredictable.
Yeah!
Well, that was definitely surprising,
but Karasuno hasn't even done their ridiculous attack yet.
C'mon! Bring out the killer serve!
The receive doesn't have to be flashy. As long as they get the ball in the air, they can do whatever is necessary.
That's what they all think,
and that's what they're able to do.
Damn it!
One more time! Just spike it, Jiri!
All right!
Karasuno's been on the back foot the entire match.
Nice receive, Daichi!
There's number ten's super fast attack!
Hey, Kageyama!
We can't just sit here losing!
So that was the fast attack I heard about.
Ow!
Awesome!
It's hard to predict our opponent's movements, but it's not like the ball's gonna disappear.
Let's calm down and have at 'em.
Yeah!
Well done.
Karasuno                        Jouzenji
Number ten!
All right!
Jouzenji's really rough around the edges.
Their blockers just keep jumping around, and they fall for feints a lot.
Yet they're so persistent and hard to play against.
I have a friend on the Jouzenji basketball team.
Really?
Apparently their volleyball team does nothing but two-on-two matches for over half of their practice time.
Nothing but two-on-two matches?
That's rough!
Since they're used to playing in teams of two,
they don't expect anyone to get the ball for them,
and all of them are constantly
setting up some sort of attack.
Cover for me!
Leave it to me!
Idiots! Watch where you're going!
Which is probably why that sort of thing happens.
They're all really annoying.
People from other schools think you guys are annoying too.
Huh?!
Tanaka!
Whoa!
Nice one, Jiri!
Right now, Jouzenji has two attackers in the front row, not counting their setter.
The other possibility is a back row attack.
Let me spike too!
Isn't he the setter? Who's going to set, then?
Someone from the back row is going to set?
What?!
Simple and Strong
Heave ho!
Karasuno                        Jouzenji
Despite the circumstances,
I must say how they play is quite fun to watch.
I can't argue with that.
However, we can keep up with them in
terms of attacking with reckless abandon.
Let's have some fun and play.
They go all-out and play around.
In a match...
Huh?
"To truly have fun, you need to be good."
Apparently, the former Coach Ukai said that a lot.
I didn't quite understand what
the meaning of "have fun" was.
All right!
But watching Jouzenji,
I'm wondering if this is what he meant.
Being good enough... to have fun.
Nice receive!
It might be because they're up against Karasuno, but they're playing around even more than usual.
Yes. When they're in the groove, they do play well.
Sorry! Sorry!
And that happens as soon as I compliment them.
Karasuno                        Jouzenji
That little guy sure can jump!
Good job getting a hand on it!
Let's score off this!
Not to mention...
All right!
He's got such a stern face,
but that setter sure comes up with some crazy attacks!
Karasuno                        Jouzenji
Nice receive!
Asahi!
Nice, Tsucchi!
Who's gonna spike it?
A setter dump?!
I have to stop it!
Fly
Nice block, Kageyama!
All right!
That... wasn't a block...
That was his face.
H
a
S
e
i
c
k
y
o
n
u
d
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
H
a
S
e
i
c
k
y
o
n
u
d
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
Karasuno                        Jouzenji
Time!
Kageyama, don't die!
He's not dying.
Hey, we're switching you out
until your nose stops bleeding.
My nose isn't bleeding!
Yes, it is. Why would even you lie about that?
Are your eyes okay?
They're fine.
Did he get caught up in the excitement of the other team?
Well, this is a good opportunity to cool your head off.
You can't go back out until your nose stops bleeding,
so go get yourself looked over.
Just in case!
Come on. Let's go.
Hey, Kageyama!
I'll handle things while you're gone.
Yep. Leave it all to your upperclassmen.
Give us a good serve, Tsukishima!
Huh? Karasuno is...
Why are they subbing number ten out?
He seems to be doing fine.
I think they're going to use this opportunity to try other things.
Besides,
the other guys seem to be better at the fundamentals.
What? Isn't that the truth?
Aone developed a strange friendship with
Karasuno's number ten during the interhigh prelims.
It may be like that for now.
Huh? Aone spoke!
And their number ten is aware of it.
Hinata.
For the past few months, Narita's spent quite a
lot of time practicing with Sugawara as his setter.
Well, just watch your upperclassmen play from outside the court for a bit.
Yessir.
Let's stop them here!
You got this, Narita!
Calm down a little.
We know you want to be in there.
I wanna play, and I wanna practice.
I have a lot to do.
All right!
Nice spike!
That's it! Just like that!
Nice job!
Right.
Karasuno                        Jouzenji
Give us a good one, Terushima!
All right!
Whoo! A service ace! Whoo!
That guy acts like he just scored three points!
It seriously pisses me off!
You're one to talk.
What?!
Don't let their excitement overwhelm you.
We're gonna take the first set!
Shake it off!
Get one through!
Oh, Kageyama's back.
Kageyama was all right.
Yeah, looks that way. Thanks for checking up on him.
You okay?
But I guess they're not going to swap him back in yet.
Yes.
Nishinoya!
Got it!
Nice receive!
I guess you lost a handle on things.
Shut up!
I'll be able to get a handle on things soon!
That's the plan!
Nice spike!
Nice!
We're not gonna lose.
Karasuno                        Jouzenji
We have a chance here!
Got it!
Synchronized attack: Sugawara version!
All right!
With that...
Karasuno                        Jouzenji
we're on set point.
That thing where everyone starts
moving all at once looks awesome!
Hey, so, like...
Don't tell me they're thinking about...
Give us another good serve, Narita!
Jouzenji's also doing a synchronized attack?!
All right!
Karasuno                        Jouzenji
We used to do that a lot.
Not bad, Narita.
We still do sometimes.
Jouzenji's synchronized attack just now was
probably them copying what they saw on the fly.
Huh? When they were losing?
Not to mention, we were on set point.
A part of it may be because it was only the first set.
I totally thought we could do it!
It's scary how reckless they are.
This has been bothering me.
Jouzenji's banner doesn't really seem to mesh with how the team acts, right?
Simple and Strong
If anything, something like
"Free and Wild" may be a better match.
Actually, a long time ago, or rather, up until recently,
simplicity and strength described Jouzenji's team accurately.
You guys should really think about the right time to try these things.
I totally thought we could pull it off.
They took a set off you guys!
Just like all of you, they're a troublesome team if you let them get in the groove!
That number ten sure can jump.
I mean, their motto is...
Fly
"Fly"!
And in comparison...
Simple and Strong
our banner is so lame.
Let's get a new one ASAP.
"Simple and Strong" is cool too!
Well, there's no accounting for taste,
but it doesn't really fit the team.
At least not the current team.
Actually, it won't fit future teams either.
I know, right?
Miyagi Prefecture
Jouzenji High School
I'm Anabara, and I will be your coach this year.
I'm going to rebuild this team from the ground up.
First, you'll get better at playing two-on-two.
I heard they have five second-years.
Seriously?
Yahoo!
And they made it to the semifinals? That's awesome.
Terushima!
Huh?
Eventually, there'll come a time that isn't fun.
What'll you do then?
Even then,
I'll do my best to have fun!
We're gonna fool around even more!
Yeah!
Jouzenji                         Karasuno
Man...
That weird duo's coming back?
Hinata, Kageyama, stay calm!
Will you two shut the hell up?
Looks like you're back, Mini Spider-Man!
It's boring without your attacks!
Boring?
Like your captain, for instance.
He's really good, but he's boring.
Right... Though I don't really understand what you mean.
Anyway, we're gonna have tons of fun and win this next set!
I still can't beat you one-on-one, Mr. Close-Cropped Hair.
Hey, don't give me a weird nickname!
Got it. I'll be more careful.
But with these guys on my side, there's no way I'll lose!
Leave it to me!
Give us a good serve, Higashi!
Nishinoya!
Got it!
I warned you guys!
Wow! Those are some amazing reflexes!
Actually, I think he was expecting that.
Huh?
Nice job wiping their asses for them, Daichi!
Don't phrase it that way!
Here!
He's going for another insane hit!
All right!
We got it this time!
S-Sorry about that!
Thanks for covering for me!
Thanks!
No matter how often we tell you to calm down,
I had a feeling you guys would still screw the first try up
because you'd get too excited.
I'm no good at flashy moves,
but at the very least, I can create a foundation.
Anyway, go play your heart out.
Yessir!
In terms of being free and wild,
Jouzenji isn't better or worse than we are.
But...
that's not all we have.
All right!
Jouzenji                     Karasuno
Their lead is widening.
Let's get hyped up!
Yeah!
Damn it!
It's up! Finish it off!
Get back!
Nice, Tanaka!
All right!
A counterattack!
Yeah!
Damn, their number ten is out of control!
Nice spike, Hinata!
Thanks!
I-I'm sorry!
Jouzenji                         Karasuno
Don't worry about it!
We'll take this set in one swoop!
Let it go!
Shake it off!
Give us a good one, Daichi!
Got it!
Sorry!
Bastards!
Is he going to do a setter dump?
Yeah, you go!
Crap...
All right!
The other team called for a timeout!
It's good to be on the offensive,
but Jouzenji is just rushing themselves.
Let's get psyched up!
You got it! Spirit! More spirit!
It'll all work out!
So what should we do with number ten's fast attack?
What should we do?
Wh-What'll we do?
Don't think too hard!
We just have to rush in and attack! Rush in hard and fast!
What are you going to do now, Misaki?
Miyagi Prefecture
Jouzenji High School
I still haven't found a successor,
so I think I'll stick around until spring nationals.
That's a relief.
Those guys are really good when they're doing well,
but they're probably still frail when they lose their rhythm,
so you'll have to spank them for me.
I don't think they'll listen to me.
That's not true.
You're right! Let's rush in!
All right!
Rush in!
What's this whole "rushing in" bit?!
Huh?
You're trying too hard to make something happen with just spirit and excitement.
Eventually, there'll come a time that isn't fun.
What'll you do then?
Even then,
I'll do my best to have fun!
You're going to have fun when you're losing or playing poorly?
Anyone who thinks that way is a creep or a weirdo!
M-Misaki? Is something wrong?
I'm sorry, Coach.
They'll never become painfully aware of their weaknesses unless I say this right now,
so please let me tell them.
Huh? Uh, okay...
Okudake told me to give these guys a good spanking.
Spanking?
Hana...
...just said "spanking"!
Yeah, the situation right now isn't fun.
I hate to say it, but those guys are
playing a lot more freely than we are.
Okudake always used to say that to play,
you first need a playground.
Bear with the times that aren't fun,
and play the match out to the very end.
I'm pretty sure I just heard the
pretty girl over there say "spank."
What's wrong?
Kiyoko...
I'm not sure why I'm asking, but would you scold us too?
Also, please do it in the most condesc—
No.
Then will you—
I won't spank you, either.
We got "spank" to flow from Kiyoko's luscious lips!
Jouzenji                        Karasuno
We're halfway through the second set.
This is where "round two" begins, huh?
When I was just a nobody, something lit up my eyes
I was merely a guy languishing complacently in the dark, happy with what I had
Now I'm torn toward the heavens even on a starless night
Whether our time comes to us or not is a matter for those in another world
That's right, our lungs pumping and our hearts beating is all we have in this new realm
We've always been dancing on an unlit stage, but now beyond that
We're awaiting the rising of a sun that none have yet witnessed
Now that we're deliberating at a crossroads, paths blurring together
We can feel it
Inside this uncharted world which has yet to take on a name
As I'm waiting for the dawn to reach my eyes with a familiar light
I'm reminded of days I won't return to, and seeking proof of newfound existence
We brace ourselves
Jouzenji's style of volleyball is always changing.
So is ours!
Rolling... Headbutt!
You're so cool, Noya!
That's... not volleyball.
Episode Sixteen:
Next
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"Next."